Mrs. Chen will come over later.
I have a very important project at hand
Need his nod
He is on good terms with his husband.
So more
Tend to choose partners who are loving couples
Can you see what I mean?
Yes, I see.
Chen Yu, don't worry.
I will definitely perform well in front of Mrs. Chen
Ok you know
I have always been focused on work
But don't worry.
After our divorce
I'll give you enough money.
Pack you and your father's harem
I don't want your money.
I want your man
It's beautiful what you think
Buckwheat, don't you look at your fat
What's the difference between it and a pig?
What's wrong with fat
I ate your rice
Why do you say that I'm not only as fat as a pig
He is also worried like a pig
Ginger down, you did it on purpose
I am afraid
But at least I helped you make you popular
What makes you say that?
Help me if I hadn't found your voice
You are a bankrupt daughter
How to pay off the debt at home
Is it possible to let the idiom help you remand?
Don't tell Chen Yu
Don't want to drag him down
Let me tell you a secret.
In fact, I know that you accompanied the city through the slump
But I was the one walking around town.
After all, it sounds so good
How can it belong to a dead man like you?